1. What are Primitive data types in Java?
Answer: byte, short, int, long, float, double, char, String and boolean.

2. What are the Identifiers in Java?
Answer: Identifiers in Java are symbolic names used for identification. They can be a class name, variable name, method name, package name, constant name.
However there are some reserved keywords which cannot be userd as an Identifiers.

3. What is final class in Java?
Answer: A class declared with a final keyword is called final class. A class marked as final cannot be inherited.

4. What are the two ways to make a class final?
Answer: First way to make a final class is to declare a class with final keyword. Another way is to declare all of
its constructors as private. If a class has only private constructors, it cannot be subclassed.

5. Can we create an instance of final class in another class?
Ans: Yes, we can create an instance of final class in another class but that class cannot be inherited.

6. What is Volatile keyword used for ?
Answer: Volatile is a declaration that a variable can be accessed by multiple threads and hence shouldn't be cached.

7. What is the use of Transient Keyword ?
Answer: In Java it is used to indicate that a field should not be serialized.

8. What are the types of casting?
Answer: There are two types of casting:
	1. Primitive Casting: When the data is casted from one primitive type ( like int, float, double etc...  to another primitive type,
	then it is called primitive casting.
	2. Derived Casting: When the data is casted from one derived type to another derived type, then it is called derived casting.

9. What is boxing and unboxing?
Answer: Wrapping of primitive content into corresponding Wrapper class object is called boxing. Unwrapping the
wrapper class object into corresponding primitive content is called unboxing.

10. What is the difference between keywords, identifiers and literals in java ?
Answer: Keywords are the reserved words that have a predefined meaning for the compiler and hence are restricted to be used as identifiers.
	Identifiers are the name assigned to different programming constructs like classes, interfaces, methods ,variables etc.
	Literals are the values that are assigned to Identifiers.

For example ::
int var = 0;
In the above statement "int" is a keyword, "var" is an identifier and "0" is a literal.